DOC-1992: Added TINY-9678 to the release notes. (#2734)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Resolving formatting issues with `contenteditable= "false"` contexts and the formatter API
//#TINY-9678

In previous versions of {productname}, formatting issues caused incorrect application or removal of formats in relation to the closest `contenteditable= "true"` element when the selection was within a `contenteditable= "false"` context.

> This issue also affected the formatters API as well, as its `canApply` function failed to return `false` when the selection was in a `contenteditable= "false"` context.

Reviewer: Should it be`formatters API` or `formatter API`? It is different in the heading. 
Also remove extra space after `contenteditable`

> This issue also affected the formatters API as well, as its `canApply` function failed to return `false` when the selection was in a `contenteditable= "false"` context.

Author: ```suggestion
This issue also affected the formatter API as well, as its `canApply` function failed to return `false` when the selection was in a `contenteditable="false"` context.
```

> === Resolving formatting issues with `contenteditable= "false"` contexts and the formatter API
> //#TINY-9678
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, formatting issues caused incorrect application or removal of formats in relation to the closest `contenteditable= "true"` element when the selection was within a `contenteditable= "false"` context.
> 
> This issue also affected the formatter API as well, as its `canApply` function failed to return `false` when the selection was in a `contenteditable="false"` context.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the issue has been resolved. Now, formats are correctly applied or removed only to and from `contenteditable= "true"` elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Formatting issues with elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set and the formatter API resolved
//#TINY-9678

If the selection is in an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set, and spot-formatting is applied to the selection, the spot formatting is not applied to the selected content, as expected.

However, In previous versions of {productname}, in such a circumstance, the spot formatting was erroneously applied to the nearest writeable element, if such an element existed.

This incorrect application of spot-formatting also presented when the formatter API was used, because the API’s `canApply` function did not return `false` when the selection was in an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

In {productname} 6.5, the issue has been resolved. Spot formatting is no longer misapplied to not-selected elements.
```
Re-write.
